Oral fluid-based HIV self-test kits for secondary distribution Patrons and employees of drinking venues that are randomized to HIV-focused recruitment will receive a recruitment card offering free HIV testing at the local clinic The pilot intervention will include the following components:

More frequent viral load collection: Participants who enroll in the first 3 months of the pilot study period will be eligible for a 3-month follow-up visit and will have viral load assessed again at that time.
Rapid return of viral load results: Mentor mothers (peer counselors) will be trained to return viral load results to patients. Viral loads will will be processed with GeneXpert point of care technology.
Enhanced viral load counseling: Mentor mothers will reinforce adherence with all patients with undetectable levels via scripted messaging to reward and encourage healthy behavior. For those with any detectable levels, mentor mothers will be trained to provide targeted counseling with scripted messaging according to viral load level (undetectable, low-level viremia (50-1000), high viral load (>1000)). Services delivered: 1) behavioral HIV risk assessment (+ counseling), 2) PrEP/PEP medical safety assessment, 3) HIV testing, and 4) PrEP (30-day supply at initiation; 90-day supply at refill visits) or PEP dispensing (28-day supply) among those determined eligible.
Service provider(s): pharmacists or pharmaceutical technologist trained on PrEP/PEP service delivery
Cost to client: 250 KES per pharmacy PrEP/PEP visit
Payment to pharmacy:* 0 KES per pharmacy PrEP/PEP visit *Pharmacies paid by the research team (i.e., the "implementer" in this trial) We will conduct a series of community engagement activities designed to reach persons at risk for HIV, undiagnosed with HIV or diagnosed, or hypertension, and fallen out of care working closely with community health system, leveraging existing mobile outreaches in the community. The Vijana-SMART intervention is a facilitated peer group, delivered through WhatsApp. Intervention messages were developed based on findings from formative interviews and social support theory, which posits that individuals experience social support through informational, instrumental, companionship and emotional forms. Groups will have approximately 25 members and will be facilitated by a study team member, by sending weekly scheduled messages, answering participant questions, and encouraging group discussion. Intervention messages were designed based on guidance from formative interviews; topics include ART adherence, medication side effects, nutritional practices, depression, social support, HIV status disclosure, stigma, positive prevention, substance use, and contraception. Tu'Washindi consists of 3 primary components:

PrEP Adherence Support Clubs: Eight 2-hour sessions that occur over the intervention period: twice per month for the first 2 months & once per month for the remaining 4 months. Sessions will use structured & unstructured activities designed to improve outcomes expectations, increase self-efficacy to use PrEP safely & consistently, increase peer support for PrEP use, provide access to community IPV resources & provide skills for healthy communication & PrEP disclosure with male partners.
Community Male Sensitization conducted weekly over the first 3 months of the intervention period aimed to increase PrEP knowledge, reduce stigma, & promote healthy relationship communication.
Buddy Days, which take place 3 months into the intervention period, designed to bring participants & their male partners together to learn about PrEP, discuss community attitudes & concerns regarding PrEP use, & promote HIV prevention & family well-being. Five PrEP peer mentors will provide outreach, education, and referral for HIV pre-exposure prophylaxis. Peer mentors have received training on HIV, PrEP, family planning, adolescent development, peer support, and action planning. Interactions will include 1:1 informal interactions as well as planned group outreach interactions. Pharmacies randomized to the nurse-navigator model will receive tailored support counseling, in addition to receipt of standard PrEP services. Support counseling by nurse-navigators will provide educational messaging tailored to AGYW and actionable advice targeting PrEP persistence and adherence and/or FP topics, and will address participants' questions related to the content. Counseling will include adherence encouragement (IMB domain: motivation), PrEP efficacy and safety (IMB domain: information), self-efficacy for prevention of HIV, support for potential PrEP side effects, behavioral skills (tips for remembering PrEP medications, IMB domain: behavioral skills) and strategies for remembering PrEP refill schedules. During enrollment, the nurse-navigator will explain that support counseling is voluntary and that the nurse will also be available at the pharmacy to address concerns or questions whenever they arise outside of scheduled visits. The newly developed digital intervention will include SMS for reminder purposes and Web-based components such as virtual simulations, gamified elements, and didactic content to educate and build relevant skills (e.g., disclosure self-efficacy) to facilitate social support from caregiving family members. The intervention will (1) raise awareness about the intersecting stigmas of HIV and pregnancy; (2) highlight the effects of these stigmas on disclosure and social support; and (3) increase self-efficacy and communication skills for disclosure and enlistment of family members as social support allies. The goal of the intervention is to improve PMTCT engagement among pregnant unmarried ALHIV. Our theory-informed Web-based intervention will be use 3C Institute's Dynamic e-Learning Platform (DeLP), a customizable software platform that implements the evidence-based cognitive theory of multimedia learning (CTML) to effectively engage users. We will utilize a digital counseling tool on a tablet to provide initial reproductive life planning counseling while waiting for an HIV care provider. We will then use Mobile WACh, a human-computer hybrid system that enables seamless two-way SMS communication and patient tracking, to provide consistent support to women following enrollment and for up to 2 years. Women will receive automated theoretically grounded SMS messages targeting the appropriate reproductive health needs and will have the capability to respond and spontaneously message a nurse based at the clinic. . Automated SMS will be delivered at times and in languages based on patient preferences, weekly the first 3 months, every other week in months 4-12, and monthly during the last year of the trial. If there is a change in the reproductive health needs, more frequent messaging will be re-initiated at the same frequency as enrollment. Our intervention design aims to address food insecurity and mental health by providing an unconditional cash transfer and lactation support across the perinatal period, when women are out of the workforce caring for their infant child. The study will include pregnant women living with HIV in Kisumu Kenya. The lactation support component will focus on milk insufficiency primarily as that has been a main concern of women we've worked with in this population, in addition to general breastfeeding support which will all be delivered in one-on-one sessions with a professional lactation consultant. The cash transfer will be delivered to women from their third trimester to 6 months postpartum. The amount of the cash transfer is based on preliminary data and consultation with key stakeholders to determine a reasonable and sufficient amount to basic living expenses during this period. To establish a group of well-characterized people living with HIV who initiated ART during acute or early HIV transmission that can serve as a source population for future studies, including those designed to test novel interventions to achieve HIV remission. After a brief training, young female PrEP users will be encouraged to refer up to 4 peers to PrEP using strategies gained from the training, PrEP educational materials (i.e., brochures), HIVST kits (2 kits/peer = 8 kits total), and Kenya MOH-style referral cards. Participants will be given multiple Oraquick Advance HIV-1/2 test kits for testing themselves more frequently and for men in their social networks. Information has been provided in the treatment arm description. The components of this intervention are: four weekly in-person sessions with a trained peer intervention specialist; optional additional in-person or by phone check-ins after the in-person sessions are delivered; and optional monthly group sessions. The four in-person health education and coaching sessions will be delivered once per week, by trained peer facilitators who identify as GBMSM. These sessions will focus on the following topics: sexual health basics (understanding how HIV and STIs are transmitted, prevented, and diagnosed/treated), relationships (types of relationships we have, characteristics of healthy relationships, communication skills), stress and coping (understanding mental health challenges, adaptive and maladaptive coping strategies), and healthy sexuality and empowerment (understanding sexual orientation and gender identity, challenging stereotypes about GBMSM, making sexual choices). Participants randomized to mWACh-PrEP will be registered into the system, in addition to receipt of SOC services. Women registered into the mWACh-PrEP platform will indicate their preferences for message delivery including a preferred name for messaging, language (English or Kiswahili or Dholuo), and day of the week and time for SMS delivery. Once registered, women will receive weekly automated push messages on the day/time of their choice from enrollment through 6-months postpartum. All automated push messages will include participant nickname, clinic and nurse name, an educational message or actionable advice targeting PrEP adherence and continuation and/or maternal and child health (MCH) topics, and a question related to the content. SMS topics will include adherence encouragement, PrEP efficacy and safety, self-efficacy for prevention of HIV, support for potential PrEP side effects, behavioral skills (tips for remembering PrEP medications) and visit reminders. Tumaini is a scenario-based role-playing game application. Participants will be instructed to engage in a minimum of 10 hours of gameplay over the holiday period each year. The game will automatically collect for analysis data related to participants' in-game behavior, e.g. time spent playing, scores on knowledge-based mini-games, choices made in the narrative game, components to which the player was exposed. The game is designed to: educate players about sexual health and HIV/AIDS; build risk-reduction skills and related self-efficacy for prevention of HIV/STIs and unintended pregnancy; challenge HIV stigma; and promote parent-child dialogue. Standard of care - routine education and counseling (SOC-REC)/SOC-Outreach and Intensified Counseling (OIC). SOC-REC is a stage 1 intervention to prevent lapses in HIV engagement through routine care. If an adolescent (1) misses an appointment >14 days, or (2) who have unsuppressed HIV RNA as per current MOH viral load threshold or (3) clinically documented non-adherence after >3 months of treatment he/she is re-randomized to a stage 2 intervention. SOC-OIC is a stage 2 intervention to treat lapses in HIV engagement through routine care which may include tracing and counseling to return to the clinic. Participants randomized to the PS arm will be assigned a trained peer supporter. The peer supporters (PSr) will establish rapport and build trusting relationships with participants in order to increase self-efficacy and motivation to adhere to the daily PrEP regimen and to engage in HIV prevention behaviors, in general. The PSrs will assess for facilitators and barriers to PrEP adherence, conduct adherence counseling, and provide ongoing social and practical support (e.g. tailored appointment reminders, accompanying participants to medical appointments, and providing skills building for effective relationships with study site providers). PSrs will communicate with the participant on at least a weekly basis either in person or by phone and will track those who miss scheduled study visits. Participants will be encouraged to contact their PSrs in case of questions or concerns. For any clinical question, the peer supporter will direct the participant to the study nurse. Intervention package will consist of a WhatsApp group setup and organized by the study. Participants will be divided into 1-3 WhatsApp groups, each with 10-55 youth. Each group will be facilitated by a study staff member trained as a counselor. The facilitator will send weekly messages to the group. Messages from the facilitator will not contain overtly HIV-related language. These messages are intended to spark unstructured discussion among study participants, or with the facilitator, at any time through the WhatsApp group or individually. Subsequent messages from the study will answer participant questions or correct misinformation. Standard operating procedures (SOPs) will be developed for standardizing responses to the questions received so that study staff follow national guidelines and local practice standards to respond. This intervention is a clinician training using standardized patient actors to improve communication and empathy skills of health care workers delivering PrEP to adolescent girls and young women to prevent HIV in Kenya. Clinic level intervention composed of an adolescent transition package with tools to support health care workers to disclose HIV status to adolescents and to track transition to adult care. Contact tracing for sexual and drug-sharing partners to notify about exposure to HIV and offer HIV and hepatitis C testing with linkage to care and partner services for those who test positive. Oral fluid-based HIV self-test kits for secondary distribution Patrons and employees of drinking venues that are randomized to HIV-focused recruitment will receive a recruitment card offering free HIV testing at the local clinic The pilot intervention will include the following components:

More frequent viral load collection: Participants who enroll in the first 3 months of the pilot study period will be eligible for a 3-month follow-up visit and will have viral load assessed again at that time.
Rapid return of viral load results: Mentor mothers (peer counselors) will be trained to return viral load results to patients. Viral loads will will be processed with GeneXpert point of care technology.
Enhanced viral load counseling: Mentor mothers will reinforce adherence with all patients with undetectable levels via scripted messaging to reward and encourage healthy behavior. For those with any detectable levels, mentor mothers will be trained to provide targeted counseling with scripted messaging according to viral load level (undetectable, low-level viremia (50-1000), high viral load (>1000)). Services delivered: 1) behavioral HIV risk assessment (+ counseling), 2) PrEP/PEP medical safety assessment, 3) HIV testing, and 4) PrEP (30-day supply at initiation; 90-day supply at refill visits) or PEP dispensing (28-day supply) among those determined eligible.
Service provider(s): pharmacists or pharmaceutical technologist trained on PrEP/PEP service delivery
Cost to client: 250 KES per pharmacy PrEP/PEP visit
Payment to pharmacy:* 0 KES per pharmacy PrEP/PEP visit *Pharmacies paid by the research team (i.e., the "implementer" in this trial) We will conduct a series of community engagement activities designed to reach persons at risk for HIV, undiagnosed with HIV or diagnosed, or hypertension, and fallen out of care working closely with community health system, leveraging existing mobile outreaches in the community. The Vijana-SMART intervention is a facilitated peer group, delivered through WhatsApp. Intervention messages were developed based on findings from formative interviews and social support theory, which posits that individuals experience social support through informational, instrumental, companionship and emotional forms. Groups will have approximately 25 members and will be facilitated by a study team member, by sending weekly scheduled messages, answering participant questions, and encouraging group discussion. Intervention messages were designed based on guidance from formative interviews; topics include ART adherence, medication side effects, nutritional practices, depression, social support, HIV status disclosure, stigma, positive prevention, substance use, and contraception. Tu'Washindi consists of 3 primary components:

PrEP Adherence Support Clubs: Eight 2-hour sessions that occur over the intervention period: twice per month for the first 2 months & once per month for the remaining 4 months. Sessions will use structured & unstructured activities designed to improve outcomes expectations, increase self-efficacy to use PrEP safely & consistently, increase peer support for PrEP use, provide access to community IPV resources & provide skills for healthy communication & PrEP disclosure with male partners.
Community Male Sensitization conducted weekly over the first 3 months of the intervention period aimed to increase PrEP knowledge, reduce stigma, & promote healthy relationship communication.
Buddy Days, which take place 3 months into the intervention period, designed to bring participants & their male partners together to learn about PrEP, discuss community attitudes & concerns regarding PrEP use, & promote HIV prevention & family well-being. Five PrEP peer mentors will provide outreach, education, and referral for HIV pre-exposure prophylaxis. Peer mentors have received training on HIV, PrEP, family planning, adolescent development, peer support, and action planning. Interactions will include 1:1 informal interactions as well as planned group outreach interactions. Pharmacies randomized to the nurse-navigator model will receive tailored support counseling, in addition to receipt of standard PrEP services. Support counseling by nurse-navigators will provide educational messaging tailored to AGYW and actionable advice targeting PrEP persistence and adherence and/or FP topics, and will address participants' questions related to the content. Counseling will include adherence encouragement (IMB domain: motivation), PrEP efficacy and safety (IMB domain: information), self-efficacy for prevention of HIV, support for potential PrEP side effects, behavioral skills (tips for remembering PrEP medications, IMB domain: behavioral skills) and strategies for remembering PrEP refill schedules. During enrollment, the nurse-navigator will explain that support counseling is voluntary and that the nurse will also be available at the pharmacy to address concerns or questions whenever they arise outside of scheduled visits. The newly developed digital intervention will include SMS for reminder purposes and Web-based components such as virtual simulations, gamified elements, and didactic content to educate and build relevant skills (e.g., disclosure self-efficacy) to facilitate social support from caregiving family members. The intervention will (1) raise awareness about the intersecting stigmas of HIV and pregnancy; (2) highlight the effects of these stigmas on disclosure and social support; and (3) increase self-efficacy and communication skills for disclosure and enlistment of family members as social support allies. The goal of the intervention is to improve PMTCT engagement among pregnant unmarried ALHIV. Our theory-informed Web-based intervention will be use 3C Institute's Dynamic e-Learning Platform (DeLP), a customizable software platform that implements the evidence-based cognitive theory of multimedia learning (CTML) to effectively engage users. We will utilize a digital counseling tool on a tablet to provide initial reproductive life planning counseling while waiting for an HIV care provider. We will then use Mobile WACh, a human-computer hybrid system that enables seamless two-way SMS communication and patient tracking, to provide consistent support to women following enrollment and for up to 2 years. Women will receive automated theoretically grounded SMS messages targeting the appropriate reproductive health needs and will have the capability to respond and spontaneously message a nurse based at the clinic. . Automated SMS will be delivered at times and in languages based on patient preferences, weekly the first 3 months, every other week in months 4-12, and monthly during the last year of the trial. If there is a change in the reproductive health needs, more frequent messaging will be re-initiated at the same frequency as enrollment. Our intervention design aims to address food insecurity and mental health by providing an unconditional cash transfer and lactation support across the perinatal period, when women are out of the workforce caring for their infant child. The study will include pregnant women living with HIV in Kisumu Kenya. The lactation support component will focus on milk insufficiency primarily as that has been a main concern of women we've worked with in this population, in addition to general breastfeeding support which will all be delivered in one-on-one sessions with a professional lactation consultant. The cash transfer will be delivered to women from their third trimester to 6 months postpartum. The amount of the cash transfer is based on preliminary data and consultation with key stakeholders to determine a reasonable and sufficient amount to basic living expenses during this period. To establish a group of well-characterized people living with HIV who initiated ART during acute or early HIV transmission that can serve as a source population for future studies, including those designed to test novel interventions to achieve HIV remission. After a brief training, young female PrEP users will be encouraged to refer up to 4 peers to PrEP using strategies gained from the training, PrEP educational materials (i.e., brochures), HIVST kits (2 kits/peer = 8 kits total), and Kenya MOH-style referral cards. Participants will be given multiple Oraquick Advance HIV-1/2 test kits for testing themselves more frequently and for men in their social networks. Information has been provided in the treatment arm description. The components of this intervention are: four weekly in-person sessions with a trained peer intervention specialist; optional additional in-person or by phone check-ins after the in-person sessions are delivered; and optional monthly group sessions. The four in-person health education and coaching sessions will be delivered once per week, by trained peer facilitators who identify as GBMSM. These sessions will focus on the following topics: sexual health basics (understanding how HIV and STIs are transmitted, prevented, and diagnosed/treated), relationships (types of relationships we have, characteristics of healthy relationships, communication skills), stress and coping (understanding mental health challenges, adaptive and maladaptive coping strategies), and healthy sexuality and empowerment (understanding sexual orientation and gender identity, challenging stereotypes about GBMSM, making sexual choices). Participants randomized to mWACh-PrEP will be registered into the system, in addition to receipt of SOC services. Women registered into the mWACh-PrEP platform will indicate their preferences for message delivery including a preferred name for messaging, language (English or Kiswahili or Dholuo), and day of the week and time for SMS delivery. Once registered, women will receive weekly automated push messages on the day/time of their choice from enrollment through 6-months postpartum. All automated push messages will include participant nickname, clinic and nurse name, an educational message or actionable advice targeting PrEP adherence and continuation and/or maternal and child health (MCH) topics, and a question related to the content. SMS topics will include adherence encouragement, PrEP efficacy and safety, self-efficacy for prevention of HIV, support for potential PrEP side effects, behavioral skills (tips for remembering PrEP medications) and visit reminders. Tumaini is a scenario-based role-playing game application. Participants will be instructed to engage in a minimum of 10 hours of gameplay over the holiday period each year. The game will automatically collect for analysis data related to participants' in-game behavior, e.g. time spent playing, scores on knowledge-based mini-games, choices made in the narrative game, components to which the player was exposed. The game is designed to: educate players about sexual health and HIV/AIDS; build risk-reduction skills and related self-efficacy for prevention of HIV/STIs and unintended pregnancy; challenge HIV stigma; and promote parent-child dialogue. Standard of care - routine education and counseling (SOC-REC)/SOC-Outreach and Intensified Counseling (OIC). SOC-REC is a stage 1 intervention to prevent lapses in HIV engagement through routine care. If an adolescent (1) misses an appointment >14 days, or (2) who have unsuppressed HIV RNA as per current MOH viral load threshold or (3) clinically documented non-adherence after >3 months of treatment he/she is re-randomized to a stage 2 intervention. SOC-OIC is a stage 2 intervention to treat lapses in HIV engagement through routine care which may include tracing and counseling to return to the clinic. Participants randomized to the PS arm will be assigned a trained peer supporter. The peer supporters (PSr) will establish rapport and build trusting relationships with participants in order to increase self-efficacy and motivation to adhere to the daily PrEP regimen and to engage in HIV prevention behaviors, in general. The PSrs will assess for facilitators and barriers to PrEP adherence, conduct adherence counseling, and provide ongoing social and practical support (e.g. tailored appointment reminders, accompanying participants to medical appointments, and providing skills building for effective relationships with study site providers). PSrs will communicate with the participant on at least a weekly basis either in person or by phone and will track those who miss scheduled study visits. Participants will be encouraged to contact their PSrs in case of questions or concerns. For any clinical question, the peer supporter will direct the participant to the study nurse. Intervention package will consist of a WhatsApp group setup and organized by the study. Participants will be divided into 1-3 WhatsApp groups, each with 10-55 youth. Each group will be facilitated by a study staff member trained as a counselor. The facilitator will send weekly messages to the group. Messages from the facilitator will not contain overtly HIV-related language. These messages are intended to spark unstructured discussion among study participants, or with the facilitator, at any time through the WhatsApp group or individually. Subsequent messages from the study will answer participant questions or correct misinformation. Standard operating procedures (SOPs) will be developed for standardizing responses to the questions received so that study staff follow national guidelines and local practice standards to respond. This intervention is a clinician training using standardized patient actors to improve communication and empathy skills of health care workers delivering PrEP to adolescent girls and young women to prevent HIV in Kenya. Clinic level intervention composed of an adolescent transition package with tools to support health care workers to disclose HIV status to adolescents and to track transition to adult care. Contact tracing for sexual and drug-sharing partners to notify about exposure to HIV and offer HIV and hepatitis C testing with linkage to care and partner services for those who test positive. The investigators will pilot the Alere q HIV-1/2 Detect mobile system for point of care (POC) infant testing at two of the study hospitals. A blood sample will be collected from each HIV-exposed infants at birth (before discharge from Maternity or at first follow-up MCH visit within 14 days postnatal) and at 6-week EID visit (4-8 weeks postnatal) for analysis with Alere q HIV-1/2 Detect, with results available within 1-2 hours to enable mother notification at the same clinic visit. medication for smoking cessation Tumaini is a scenario-based role-playing game application, optimized for use on low-cost Android smartphones. Participants will be invited to play the game for at least ten hours over a period of three weeks. The game is designed to: educate players about sexual health and HIV/AIDS; build risk-reduction skills and related self-efficacy for prevention of HIV/STIs and unintended pregnancy; challenge HIV stigma and harmful gender norms; and promote parent-child dialogue. Conditional cash transfer upon HIV testing An integrated, phased safer conception intervention that focuses on ART use by the HIV-1 infected partner, PrEP use by the HIV-1 uninfected partner, and timed condomless sex during the peri-conception period. Conditional cash transfer upon HIV testing This intervention is a clinician training using SP actors to improve communication and empathy skills of HIV care providers who serve HIV-positive adolescents and youth in Kenya. Participants will receive daily reminders, with content and timing of their choosing, regarding their PrEP use. Participants will have the choice to later receive SMS reminders only when they forget to take their dose (as indicated by real-time adherence monitoring via WisePill). Participants will be randomized to receive standard referral to link to HIV care. When successfully linked to care, they will receive SMS reminders combined with health status surveys at 3, 6, 9, and 12 months. All participants will have viral loads and CD4 collected at baseline and at 12 months, viral loads collected again and an exit interview completed. The HITsystem 2.0 intervention will be designed to: (1) utilize electronic prompts to notify providers and program managers when actions are required, and (2) send text messages to women's mobile phones to (a) motivate adherence to medication, (b) remind women of antenatal (ANC) appointments and medication refills, (c) prompt preparation for a hospital delivery, and (d) support early infant testing. Given advancements in the approach and protocols for care, HITSystem 2.0 will continue to engage mothers and encourage postnatal medication adherence. The researchers will design HITSystem 2.0 to integrate seamlessly into the existing HITSystem to link PMTCT and early infant diagnosis (EID) services through one coordinated system-level intervention. None An Individualized, interactive short messaging intervention reminding study participants to take antiretroviral medication and report any problems. Weekly HIV sensitization text messages with option to text back up to 3 times per week for additional messages. Message topics included pregnancy, condoms, sexually transmitted infections, contraceptives, anal sex and personal risk of HIV. All messages ended with the phrase "Get tested for HIV". Individuals randomized to this arm will be invited to recruit members of their social network to form a health team, or microclinic. These groups will proceed through a discussion-based health education curriculum led by local community health workers. Topics will include HIV biology, medications, the importance of social support, and community outreach for reducing HIV stigma. The curriculum will conclude with an opportunity for all group members to disclose their HIV status to one another. None Routine education and counseling (REC) services, delivered per Kenya Ministry of Health Guidelines; followed by standard of care (SOC) outreach to encourage return to clinic for patients 14 days late for a scheduled visit in year 1. Interpersonal psychotherapy is an evidence based, structured, brief psychotherapy which improves relationships in order to improve mood and reduce anxiety Each newly identified HIV-infected pregnant woman randomized to the experimental arm will be assigned an outreach worker/counselor (Mama Mshauri).

Mama Mshauri tasks will include:

Immediately engaging the newly identified pregnant woman, providing individualized adherence and disclosure support, management of ART side effects, and helping the client navigate the health system.
Providing tailored individualized health education during home visits.

Additional intervention components include:

Appointments and Reminders: SMS or telephone reminders 1 week and 3 days before appointments. Reinforcement of importance of follow-up during home visits and every contact.
Patient Tracking and Defaulter Tracing: Monthly visits and immediate calls/home visit if she misses an appointment. The HADITHI Intervention consists of a culturally adapted, multi-component clinic-based intervention designed to support families in pediatric HIV disclosure in Kenya.

In addition to the Usual Care components, the HADITHI Intervention clinics will have the following intervention components:

Culturally modified curricula materials, including videotaped narratives, to guide counseling and group sessions.

Dedicated disclosure counselors to initiate and conduct disclosure, with one-on-one counseling for caregivers and children, as well as family-based sessions.

Post-disclosure peer support groups, facilitated by the disclosure counselors, for children who have gone through disclosure. Educational program in which HIV positive individuals are invited to recruit their social networks to form 'microclinic' groups. These groups participate in a 6-month educational curriculum composed of information on HIV biology, interpersonal communication strategies and community mobilization. At the conclusion of the program, participants are encouraged to disclose their HIV status to members of their group through a facilitated disclosure process. None STEP is based on social learning theory and provides age-appropriate and culturally acceptable HIV prevention information in a format that encourages information growth and skills enhancement. The program is delivered by 'Instructors,' undergraduate college students aged 18-24, one hour per week for 10 weeks. If the male partner chooses not to complete the study questionnaire, he may decline and participate only in the HOPE intervention component of the study. (This does not preclude the possibility of the female partner continuing to participate in the study.) Investigators anticipate that this will occur and also expect that some women and male partners randomized to the intervention arm will refuse the HOPE intervention when offered. Study staff will attempt to collect data on reasons for refusal to participate and will continue to follow these couples through 6 months postpartum to collect maternal and infant outcome data, provided the female partner does not withdraw from the study.

Key educational messages will be presented using an electronic tablet highlighting key messages and will include with relevant images as visual aids. This will help to facilitate comprehension and ensure that all relevant materials are covered during each intervention session. Behavioral Intervention for Alcohol Use Health facilities where PMTCT services are available in the traditional clinical setting with HIV testing and counseling, PMTCT support, and enrollment in care and treatment. Weekly text message "Mambo?" ("How are you?") to which participants are required to respond either "Shida" (problem) or "Sawa" (OK) within 48 hours. Shida responses and participants who do not respond are called by a clinician. HIV-positives will receive prevention with positives (PwP) counseling and point of care CD4 counts. Those with CD4 <500/μL will be assigned a peer case manager to link the person to ART at study-participating HIV clinics, support ART and PwP adherence and care retention. Combination HIV Prevention: Male-Specific Intervention Package at the Mobile Health events and longitudinal follow up of cohorts. 6 weekly 90-minute group sessions Comprehensive school support is provided that includes payment of school fees, school uniform, and a nurse researcher who monitors attendance and addresses problems that may lead to school absence and dropout. At enrollment a study nurse will send the intervention group a weekly SMS message reminding them to attend antenatal care. Starting at 36 weeks gestational age, an automated bulk SMS management system, will send the intervention group 3 SMS text messages (using non descript slogans) each week by proxy reminding them to take their nevirapine in labor. From time of delivery to 6 weeks postpartum the women will aslo receive 3 SMS messages per week reminding them to attend their 6 week checkup and 6 week infant visit.Upon receiving these messages women in the intervention group can text back if they have any concerns or questions. These women would then receive phone calls from the study nurse triaged according to the women's needs. Short message services were sent to randomly selected consenting subjects on ARV therapy. The frequency and content of the message is varied in a factorial design. group support Three adherence counseling sessions will be given to participants in the trial. Two sessions will occur prior to initiation of antiretroviral medications and one session will be given one month after drug administration. Participants receive the Symptom Management Manual, and are shown an example. They are given the Manual to take home with them and use. Caregivers expected to complete medication diaries daily Zidovudine 300mg po bid from 34 weeks gestation to 6 months postpartum Lamivudine 150mg po bid from 34 weeks gestation to 6 months postpartum AND EITHER Nevirapine 200mg po qd for 2 weeks as lead in then bid from 34 weeks gestation to 6 months postpartum OR Nelfinavir 1250mg po bid from 34 weeks gestation to 6 months postpartum

ARVs continued for those that meet WHO treatment criteria The investigators will collect AGYW customer feedback using a short USSD-based survey and randomize whether shopkeepers receive 1) No feedback; 2) Private feedback; or 3) Public feedback The intervention includes up to 3 cash transfers of 22,500 Tanzanian Shillings (~$10) paired with attendance at each of the three adapted enhanced adherence counseling sessions (PKC sessions). The first cash transfer will occur at enrollment; the next two cash transfers are payable upon visit attendance and attendance of the two remaining PKC sessions. The cash transfers will include extra funds for transaction fees, typically <$1. Mental health is associated with ART adherence and HIV outcomes. SYV was designed to address the specific challenges of young people living (YPLWH) with HIV in Tanzania. SYV includes 10 group sessions (two sessions held jointly with caregivers) lasting approximately 90 minutes and two individual sessions delivered by trained young adult group leaders who use a manualized protocol that is designed to scale in low resource settings. The intervention is applied to the Social Action Theory (SAT), a theoretical framework used to determine factors that influence health behavior. Building off a SAT resilience framework for YPLWH, components of evidence-based treatment models to influence cognitive, self, and social regulation to improve behavioral health outcomes will be strategically used. Consenting drug shops will receive:

training on Malkia Klabu implementation;
HIVST training (same as comparison drug shops);
procedures for referring to youth-friendly HIV/SRH services;
a monthly supply of HIVST reserved for free distribution to AGYW, with "free" price stickers and pre-packaged with referral information; and
reimbursement for SRH products given to AGYW (e.g., birth control pills). Adolescent Wellness Visits (AWVs) are a new health service platform for reaching young adolescents with HTC and other evidence-based prevention services which are clinic-based and school-facilitated. The AWVs bundle the following health screenings, education, and counseling on: nutrition, vision, dental, mental health (depression), contraception, sexually transmitted infections, and optional HIV testing. The MAMA intervention will be based on PRONTO International's simulation training program to improve obstetric care delivery. The PRONTO curriculum is based on simulation and debrief of clinical scenarios, case-based learning, skills stations, and interactive teamwork and communication activities. Through the training, providers review and learn clinical skills related to obstetric care and emergencies, while reflecting on and practicing principles of respectful maternity care. The simulation exercises give providers and opportunity to "act" as the patient and develop empathy for the patient experience, and debriefing after simulation includes a reflection and discussion about RMC principles. The training will be two full days, followed by a refresher training in the clinical setting after one month. The intervention is a one-time cash transfer of 22,500 Tanzanian Shillings (~$10), with half (11,250 TSH) delivered upon enrollment in the study and half delivered after confirmation of the completion of a clinical visit if within 90 days of study enrollment. The Labda Siku Moja stigma reduction intervention is a tailored stigma reduction intervention for women living with HIV in Tanzania. It is comprised of five ethnodramas (video stories) culturally and linguistically relevant to the Tanzanian women living with HIV. We will adapt the HP+ health facility HIV stigma-reduction intervention to focus on drug stigma in HIV CTCs. The intervention will address key stigma drivers, including fear, awareness of stigma, and stigmatizing attitudes and beliefs, through a participatory training approach that involves all levels of staff and is grounded in social cognitive theory principles. The approach seeks to reduce stigma through fostering empathy, interpersonal interactions (contact strategies) and building efficacy for stigma reduction through awareness, skills, and knowledge building. The intervention consists of five-2.5 hour participatory training sessions. Participants will receive three counseling sessions at two week intervals, delivered by telehealth by a trained psychiatric nurse, focused on managing suicidal ideation and enhancing HIV care engagement. Participants will undergo an HIV 1/2 antibody point of care test (Oraquick) and receive pre- and post-test counselling.Participants with positive tests will be referred to the HIV clinic for Western Blot confirmation, and linkage to care. Maisha is a brief, scalable, theory-based counseling intervention that addresses HIV stigma at entry into antenatal care. The intervention will be developed in a formative phase and includes 1) a video and counseling session prior to HIV testing that addresses HIV stigma, and 2) two post-test HIV counseling sessions for HIV-infected individuals, building on the video content to provide emotional support, address stigma, and reinforce the value of care engagement. Participants who were found to have been lost to care will receive standard of care plus a one-time "re-start" incentive of 22,500 TZS to return to care Access to home-based HIV self-testing kits for stable couples. The intervention includes a clinic-based component and a take-home component. All components include the priming image of a Baobab tree. The clinic-based component is an interactive poster that rewarded appointment attendance. Patients who attend three consecutive on-time visits are congratulated and given a colored sticker to place on a poster that is publicly displayed at the clinic. In one clinic, the take-home component is a 2015 calendar in Kiswahili that contained the priming Baobab image. In the other clinic, the take-home component is a small plastic pillbox featuring the Baobab logo. Includes a standard format of greetings, review of last session content, homework discussion, new topic, assigning homework and ends with a fun activity, relaxation or game. First session is a joint session with youth and caregivers. Topics include common stresses and worries experienced by HIV+ youth; relaxation and coping techniques; cognitive behavioral triangle; story of finding out HIV status and if willing, to discuss this in an individual session, peer group session, and with caregiver; identify circles of support; discuss stigma and how to disclose HIV status to others; consider values, hopes and dreams for the future, and how to use this information to live positively with HIV. ART adherence is woven into case examples and discussions. Participants will be offered 3 HIV testing options. The investigators will rank the predicted utility of all EXISTING HIV testing options for each participant and select those 3 PB-HCT options that jointly maximize the share of participants predicted to prefer at least one of the three options over the common option. SMS appointment reminders and health messaging via mobile phones Sites randomized to the intervention arm will receive all activities in the control arm, plus additional demand-creation communication messages that focus on the non-HIV benefits of VMMC and the voluntary nature of HIV testing prior to VMMC ii) use of already circumcised men from the community as auxiliary peer promoters, iii) separate waiting and group education areas for men aged 20 years and above during service delivery, iv) engagement of female partners in community-based demand creation and education and counselling about wound healing and post-circumcision abstinence. The combination package will include integrated biomedical, behavioral and structural components: (1) mobile HIV testing and risk reduction counseling; (2) service navigation to facilitate access to treatment and retention in care; (3) sensitivity training for HIV clinical care providers; (4) SMS text messages to promote adherence to care and ART; (5) venue-based peer education and condom distribution; and (6) a community drop-in-center to promote cohesion and collective action to reduce stigma and discrimination. HIV Voluntary Counseling and Testing at Community Prevention Center-The center will be open to all community members.
Community Mobilization-HIV/AIDS and VCT information will be disseminated with pamphlets, community discussions, and meetings.
Risk Assessment and Triaged Counseling and Recruitment-Clients identified at high-risk for HIV infection and HIV-infected clients we be offered an additional counseling session. Participation will be incentivized. These clients will also be provided with up to 3 referral cards to give to sexual partners. If partners come for VCT, they will receive a small incentive.
Incentives & Support Activities - Modest and ethically appropriate incentives, including those providing nutritional support (food), health and hygiene benefits (bed nets), transport to access interventions, or income generation potential, will be provided for participation in some project interventions, and these will be graduated based on HIV risk potential. The text messaging system has been designed to use codes of reproductive health conditions and their treatments. Text messages are sent by drug stores and received at the dispensaries, forwarded by a bespoke software called Snapshot, which captures data online from any computer anywhere by use of a login for confidentiality. The intervention is based on an Appreciative Inquiry approach that comprises a 10-session program based on learning by doing rather than factual classroom type learning, although it includes discussion of relevant facts about HIV, and other STIs. The intervention is based on the template of Stepping Stones (Jewkes et al., 2008), which is internationally one of the most widely used participatory behavioral interventions targeting sexual health. The Stepping Stones curriculum was shortened and radically adapted from more than 20 sessions. However NAMWEZA borrows generously from many of the exercises and games. It also employs the successful experience of stratification by age and sex to engage 4 different working groups (younger and older, male and female). Seven key steps carried out by CTC and FP staff to encourage completion of FP referral by CTC. Offer women coming to antenatal clinics to have their husbands come with them for couples VCT None COMMUNITY MOBILIZATION. This component of the intervention uses community outreach to enhance the uptake of VCT, thus increasing the rate of HIV testing and frequency of discussions about HIV and reducing stigma through community education and mobilization.

EASY ACCESS TO VCT. This component is designed to remove practical barriers and increase safety of VCT. Mobile vans or temporary units set up at local community sites will provide free, anonymous VCT in specific, chosen sites where people gather, such as market areas, shopping centers, and community centers.

POST-TEST SUPPORT SERVICES. This component is designed to build psychosocial support to improve the quality of life for individuals diagnosed with HIV. The expected outcomes include a reduction in social harm, an increase in social support through disclosure to those most likely to provide support, and a reduction in internalized stigma. Social support should also decrease the behavioral risk of further transmission. Patrons and employees of drinking venues that are randomized to HIV-focused recruitment will receive a recruitment card offering free HIV testing at the local clinic The intervention consists of 5 bi-weekly sessions each lasting 60 to 90 minutes. It uses motivational interviewing, peer navigation, and behavioral economics to promote strategies for economic strengthening, reductions in male partner alcohol use, coping with relationship conflict and stress, changing norms that reduce intimate partner violence and support engagement in HIV care and antiretroviral therapy (ART) adherence among adolescent girls and young women living with HIV, and, thereby, enhances future sustained viral suppression and benefits of treatment as prevention. This will be a biobehavioral intervention focused on helping men with HIV to disclose their HIV status to a personal confidant inclusive with specific focus on sexual partners. YLHIVA assigned to the WhatsApp group will interact with each other and their peer counsellors through one-on-one private communications and on the group chat. The group chat will allow YLHIVA to ask questions, post comments, and reply to one another at any time. We shall share education videos once a week at a time agreed upon with study participants to optimize assimilation of information. In addition, peer counsellor will engage in private WhatsApp calls with youth once a week, to monitor psychosocial state, medication adherence, identify barriers to adherence and counsel YLHIVA. However, youth may initiate in more private communications' when need arises. The peer counsellor will also engage with YLHIVA daily through WhatsApp messages. We will tailor the messages to young people's treatment schedules, clinic appointments, and psychosocial state. Again, youth may text a peer counsellor whenever they wish to do so. This behavioral intervention is centered on the distribution of HIV self-test kits to men through their respective peer-leaders. The investigators have identified up to 18 social network groups; each group is represented by 1-2 peer-leaders who were selected during community engagement meetings. Peer-leaders have received a 3-day training in the HIV self-testing processes, communication skills, existing referral mechanisms, and basic counseling skills. After the training, each peer-leader nominated up to 20 male members (15+ years) from within their social networks who were screened for study eligibility. Eligible male social network members were administered a baseline interview and requested to go to their peer-leaders to obtain their HIV self-test kits. Economic Empowerment Intervention comprising Financial Literacy Sessions and Youth Development Accounts Participants will be assigned to receive FLT workshops which are implemented by community-level agencies in collaboration with the financial institutions. FLT comprises six workshops delivered over 6 weeks. Topics include: a) an introduction to the notion of asset-building; b) coverage of asset-building strategies in detail, e.g., saving; c) coverage of specific topics related to saving, e.g., the importance of saving and how to save, d) an introduction of banking services to participants and e) coverage of basics of borrowing and debt management. Participants from the same location, in this case, clinics are assigned to the same group. Workshops occur on weekends to accommodate participants week-day schedules, including school and/or gardening. Wisepill data on adherence will be collected remotely. Every three months, participants have a chance to participate in a prize drawing for an airtime reward of 500, 5,000, or 10,000 Ugandan Shillings if adherence matches or exceeds the subgoal chosen by the study coordinator. Subgoals will gradually increase from the participant's baseline adherence up to 90%. Prize drawings can be done during regularly scheduled clinic visits if the participant has a visit corresponding to the 3-month mark or remotely via SMS text message. In addition to the BSOC, ALHIV and their caregivers will participate in a family strengthening intervention plus a family economic empowerment intervention.

MFG is an evidence-based family-centered, group-delivered, evidence-informed, strength-based 10-session (weekly) intervention for children whose families struggle with poverty. Six additional sessions covering HIV stigma stigma-related issues will be added.

ALHIV will receive a YDA with a 1:1 matched savings program at a financial institution accredited by the Bank of Uganda. Each YDA will be opened in the name of the adolescent, with their primary caregiver as a co-signer, until the adolescent turns 18 years. The account will then be matched with money from the program on 1:1 rate. This training program integrates evidence-based strategies to reduce provider bias, adapted to address gender bias in the context of HIV care in Uganda. The content aims to increase providers' knowledge, motivation, skills, and empathy to equitably deliver Ugandan Ministry of Health ART program guidelines to male and female patients (e.g., increasing awareness of HIV gender disparities, increasing empathy/skills to counsel men and women's gendered barriers to care, promoting shared decision-making). The intervention is delivered in a series of group training sessions with HIV providers. Participants will receive daily text message reminders to use their routine behavior to trigger medication adherence. The intervention to be evaluated in this study is a multidimensional, socio-behavioral "Norming" intervention. The various components of this intervention are designed to harness household dynamics and prosocial inclinations to encourage individuals to accept the HIV testing invitation. Each component is briefly described in the arm description. 8-session group intervention that uses didactic instruction, role plays and experience sharing to empower participants to engage in HIV prevention advocacy. The intervention will train health care providers to facilitate workshops at outreach events where attendees can learn basic facts about PrEP and be taught skills about how to advocate for PrEP in their community. Healthcare facility staff will encourage PrEP initiators to select an adherence supporter. Check-in reminder calls will be conducted systematically with PrEP users. The intervention will consist of 2-hour weekly sessions offered to students in participating schools. HIV-related stigma will be addressed by providing key information related to HIV and stigma, facilitating the acquisition of coping skills, and utilizing local cultural practices facilitated by Elders using creative methods to shift existing social and cultural norms that produce and perpetuate stigmatization. Specific intervention activities will include three interrelated activities. The core 2-hour weekly session will cover (1) transformative educational activities; (2) arts-based activities; (3) a summative activity consisting of (3) participatory theatre activites. Oral fluid-based HIV test The intervention is a multi-component intervention of combined HIV and HTN care, based on the PRECEDE framework, to continuously identify barriers and facilitators leads to better health outcomes including dual control of HIV/HTN among adults in HIV care in the intervention compared to control facilities G-CBT consists of 10-session for HIV/AIDS-associated stigma, utilizing core components of CBT, including psychoeducation, cognitive restructuring, and skill-building to increase adaptive coping mechanisms. Community-based client led antiretroviral therapy delivery groups. Group psychotherapy a) Enhanced VL counseling: Explanation of VL & Importance of VL suppression,assessment of adherence, counseling based on VL result and schedule for next VL testing and the role of VL and the MTCT risk; b).Standardized peer mother support: includes training of peer mothers on mandatory enhanced VL counseling during the routine peer counseling and education, follow up of mothers and continued adherence counseling and disclosure support and bi-weekly phone calls to mothers to provide VL counseling and follow up behavioral intervention with offer of HIV self test WINs will conduct active community surveillance to rapidly identify and welcome in-migrants, provide them with information about the availability of CHP, utilize a motivational interviewing approach to encourage CHP adoption, refer in-migrants to free services, and follow-up in-migrants to assess and further encourage engagement in CHP. Brief alcohol reduction counseling is provided by a trained counselor to the study participant at the HIV clinic during two sessions that are 3 months apart. The FDA will be a matched savings account held in the child's name with the parent or caregiver as the co-signer, in a financial institution registered by the Central Bank (Bank of Uganda). The account opened will be matched with money from the program up to a match cap of 72,000 Uganda shillings (an equivalent of $20) a month per family for the 9-month intervention period.

The FDAs will be complemented with four sessions of Financial Literacy and Management (FL&M) and two sessions of cancer education conducted over a 4-week period. The two cancer-specific education sessions will use UCI materials to address: 1) definitions of cancer, potential causes, signs and symptoms, and importance of cancer testing; 2) debunking cultural explanations for the causes of cancer and misconceptions (beliefs, values, norms and prevailing attitudes)regarding cancer that largely impede service use. The intervention has two components; a structural component and a behavioral component.

Structural component: This component is about receiving work payments via mobile money instead of cash.

Behavioral component: This component includes feedback on alcohol screening, counseling, client-centered goal setting, self-monitoring, financial literacy training, and text message reminders of life/savings and healthy living goals. Brain Powered Games (BPG) uses games for neurocognitive assessment and training, using images and sounds more familiar to African children. As a computerized cognitive rehabilitation training (CCRT) program designed for Sub-Saharan African school-age children, it can help children infected affected directly or indirectly by HIV. BPG consists of 5 core games evaluating different cognitive abilities (learning, memory, language, attention). Each game includes a visual tutorial, several adjustable settings on the administrative side (Admin), and records game play data for research purposes. Village Builder (VB) is a pro-social reasoning/planning world building strategy type game intended to evaluate frontal lobe executive functions in a culture-friendly and enjoyable game manner. It consists of many of the village artistic components as used in BPG but orchestrated into a village setting where children must gather resources and protect them in order to expand the capacity of the village. Observational evaluation of factors associated with uptake of and adherence to daily, oral TDF/FTC PrEP and other safer conception methods (including: CHCT, ART for the infected partner, and uptake of contraception for those who decide not to conceive during follow-up) over 9 month. Maximum 19 month follow-up period (through pregnancy outcome). No actual intervention is planned. A single focus group discussion (FGD) with community members in the same group assignment will be conducted to assess study outcome measures. In particular, the FGDs will focus on:

Perceptions of taboos and acceptable and/or typical practices during pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding
Perceptions of HIV risk during pregnancy and breastfeeding
Perceived role of male partners during pregnancy and breastfeeding
Main challenge(s) perceived with VR and oral PrEP use during pregnancy and breastfeeding
Main factor(s) perceived to facilitate VR and oral PrEP use during pregnancy and breastfeeding
Willingness to join a VR and/or oral PrEP study during pregnancy and breastfeeding This is an intervention comprised of 4 sessions provided twice per week for 2 weeks of an evidence-based, HIV/STI risk reduction intervention. HIV 1/2 antigen-antibody POC test (Oraquick©) will be administered to those participants who agree to test. Pre-test counseling will be performed before results are delivered. Clients with positive tests will be provided with detailed contact information for the MUST ISS clinic, and given specific instructions to present to the clinic as soon as possible for confirmatory testing and linkage to care. When a participant comes for a regular clinic visit, s/he will have the MEMS data extracted, and if adherence over the previous month >=90%, will participate in a prize drawing. We will conduct a randomized trial to evaluate whether provision of oral HIV self-test kits to HIV-positive pregnant women overcomes their male partners' reluctance to be tested in PMTCT clinics. Pregnant women who are randomized to the HIVST arm will be trained in the use and interpretation of HIVST, and given two oral fluid-based HIVST kits to use with or give to their partners, along with information about HIV testing and prevention and care services. We will offer men confirmatory testing regardless of their HIV test result through HIVST, counseling, and if negative, PrEP and if positive, ART. Economic incentives are given to the study participant contingent on point-of-care (POC) urine ethyl glucuronide (EtG) <300 ng/mL with the amount of the incentive escalating with each subsequent negative EtG test. Game Changers is an intervention that aims to empower and mobilize PLHA to be agents for HIV prevention and behavioral change in their social networks. 200 mg/300 mg of FTC/TDF administered orally as a fixed-dose combination tablet once daily Youth Development Accounts (YDA) with 1:1 incentive match rate to be used for education and microenterprise development Financial workshops on asset-building, saving and investing in Income Generating Activities (IGAs) Behavioral: Youth Development Accounts (YDA) The intervention will include implementing a teaching collaborative among group of DHOs and TB Supervisors, enabling text messaging between DHOs and front line providers, and establishing a report collaborative where DHOs will receive feedback on the performance of their district in administering IPT compared to other districts. None Low expected prize value. Measurement and communication of HIV risk in the context of HIV testing and counseling to inform HIV risk reduction counseling Comprehensive, mHealth-based HIV prevention program for Ugandan adolescents 18-22 years of age. None None None Clients coming for clinic visits have their MEMS data extracted, and if they show 95% adherence or higher are eligible to draw a number (1-6) out of a closed bag without looking; if they draw a '6' they win a small prize. None None Intervention subjects will use an electronic pill container to hold their antiretroviral medications. Throughout the 6-month intervention (until subjects are 3 months post-partum), whenever an intervention subject fails to open her electronic pill container within 60 minutes of dose time (as indicated by lack of a pill container opening), she will be sent a text message reminder. Each intervention subject will also participate in monthly counseling sessions informed by the subject's most recent adherence data generated by the electronic pill container. The counselor will review the adherence report with the patient and 1) provide positive feedback when adherence is ≥95% in the previous month, or 2) discuss reasons for lapses and strategies for improving adherence when adherence is <95%. SHARE aimed to reduce IPV and used methodologies from two proven successful violence prevention frameworks: Stepping Stones (Welbourn, 1995) and the Resource Guide for Mobilizing Communities to Prevent Domestic Violence (Michau & Naker, 2003). SHARE promoted a process of social change based on the Transtheoretical Model's Stages of Change Theory (Prochaska & DiClemente, 1983; Prochaska & Velicer, 1997) which posits that although people realize they need to make changes in their life, they do it in stages instead of one major life change. There are five main stages of change: (1) pre-contemplation, (2) contemplation, (3) preparation for action, (4) action and (5) maintenance.

We hypothesized that repeated exposure to the ideas included in SHARE would encourage men and women to begin a process of change that results in preventive behavior. Point of Care CD4 testing Community leaders conducting advocacy, community dialogue and community action plans on PMTCT/MCH Pregnant/breastfeeding women in the intervention arm and their male partners if present will receive extended repeat HIV testing and enhanced counseling around the time of labor and delivery and throughout the breastfeeding period. None Matched savings accounts/child development accounts (CDAs) for the adolescents held in a local bank.
Financial education and workshops on asset-building, future planning, and protection from risks
Mentorship from a young adult/near-peer
Family-based microenterprise development training
Medical Event Monitoring System

Bolstered Standard of Care: Adherence Counseling Practices

-Four to six counseling sessions to review HIV, ART, resistance, and adherence.

Medical Standard of Care:

-Pediatric ART initiation and monitoring followed by all public clinics, and outlined in National Department of Health Guidelines for pediatric HIV care in Uganda

Psychosocial Standard of Care:

-Psychosocial support provided by lay counselors trained in standardized ART adherence counseling None The Mediational Interventions for Sensitizing Caregivers Each child participant in the Bridges Arm will receive the usual care in addition to a Child Development Account (CDA) to be used for secondary education by the AIDS-orphaned child. The CDA will be a matched savings account held in the child's name in a financial institution registered by the Central Bank (Bank of Uganda). The account will be matched with money from the program at a match rate of 1:1. Additionally, participants will receive: 1) twelve 1-2 hour workshops focused on asset building, future planning, and protection from risks; 2) mentorship sessions to reinforce learning and build optimism; and 3) a family income-generating /micro-enterprise promotion component for children enrolled in Bridges and their families. A trained peer supporter is assigned to support newly HIV-positive diagnosed persons. In this arm the pregnant women got an invitation letter for the spouse to attend at the next antenatal visit Participants who were randomized to the intervention group received free HIV testing and their results before they were discharged from the hospital. 8 weeks of 3 times weekly intervention for 60 min per session with the full titrating version of Captain's Log program (3 games for attention, 3 games for visual spatial working memory, 3 games for reasoning/planning Caregivers of children in the intervention arm will undergo a year long training in MISC A community mobilization approach to try to change community and individual attitudes and behaviours that support both the perpetration of violence against women and HIV risk behaviours

The intervention team engages with four major groups of actors: community volunteers selected from the general public; community leaders (e.g. religious, cultural and local council leaders); resource persons (health care providers, police, etc); and institutional leaders. The community volunteers are a key component of the intensive intervention. Participants will receive 10 to 15 minutes of pretest counseling on the importance of HIV testing and on available services for people infected with HIV. After pretest counseling, participants will undergo a blood draw for HIV testing. Participants will receive test results and additional counseling 1 hour after the blood sample is drawn.